well I D their internet people let's bow
again so today we're gonna talk about a
science project and how you can help
unlock the secrets of the universe from
home right now I would imagine that
there's a whole lot of people that are
pretty bored right now stuck at home
can't go anywhere can't do anything
probably a little stressed the numbers
are getting higher so the anxiety level
is probably getting higher might have
kids you want to entertain this will
help with that and be educational and
most people may just need an escape what
better place to escape to then space and
that is where Galaxy Zoo comes in I'll
put the link down below because that's
not the link but the project it's been
around for 10 years and your part in it
is to look at pictures of galaxies and
answer questions about them it's
multiple choice and then there's a
little field guide that helps you learn
a little bit about what you're doing
your information gets compiled with a
computer's analysis and it helps the
researchers understand it better
basically our ability to capture
information and get these photos far
exceeds our ability to process it so you
would be helping out with that now other
than killing time with something that
once you get the hang of it is actually
kind of like a little monotonous
other than that what good is it well
you're helping these researchers and
what they're trying to do is literally
understand how the universe works no
small feat but maybe right now people
need something a little fantastic to get
involved in the information helps them
understand how galaxies evolve how they
change how they work internally how they
interact with each other how they merge
and you'll get to see pictures of all
this it's cool I mean I did it for
probably half an hour earlier tonight
but you know everybody right now focused
on the present and the present is full
of a lot of anxiety maybe there are some
people out there that need something to
look forward to need something a little
bit less real to look at I don't know
that there's any immediate practical
application to this but I bet there will
be in the future and there may be some
people out there that need to be
thinking about the future need to stay
positive and understand that we'll get
through this like we have everything
else we are very resilient species
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day